You're not a true temptation I said my love, yeah, while I'm away
You know you got to be strong, keep all the other guys alone.
One fine sunny day, I'll be here to stay.
You're my true temptation.
So many times, gonna be lonely.
So many times, gonna be blue.
Heal not to temptation Heal not to temptation Heal not to temptation Heal not to temptation Heal not to temptation I said my love
Keep all the other girls alone One fine sunny day I'll be here to stay You're not to temptation So many times You're gonna be lonely So many times You're gonna be blue You're not to temptation You're not to temptation You're not to temptation
♪ You are not a true temptation ♪ I said, my love, but I'm awake ♪ You know you got to be strong ♪ Keep all the other guys alone ♪ One fine sunny day, I'll be here to stay ♪ You are not a true temptation ♪ So many times, so many times ♪ You're gonna be lonely, gonna be lonely ♪ So many times, so many times
You're not a temptation You're not a temptation
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
I think I almost got that transition right.
I'm just going to let you see what's happening behind me over here.
Yo-Yo Ma is looking out the window, checking out the things he wants to do later.
He's still a really tiny dog.
I thought he was going to be bigger, but Ruby's actually the beast of the house and she's still a giant dog compared to Mikey.
Mikey's just a little guy.
I don't know, maybe his mix of Great Pyrenee is just not going to be as giant as Ruby, but he's still growing.
I mean, he's only like a year old, so I'll give him a little bit of a chance.
I don't say it too often around him, but he is a tiny little boy.
Still little Mike, not big Mike yet.
Welcome to the show.
This is Jonathan Cooley.
This is Geek Home Biological coming to you live from my garage.
I got to babysit the dog right now.
And so he might be loud or whine or scream or yell or knock some books over.
Don't eat that one.
This one is a good book.
Doggone it.
In the tradition of the Andromeda strain, the anthrax mutation.
Curious ideas these people have.
Original title was Project Dracula, but they changed it to the anthrax mutation.
That makes total sense, doesn't it?
That the original title...
who was Project Dracula, but they decided to call it the anthrax.
That makes total sense, the anthrax mutation.
It's just a logical adjustment from, don't knock any more books off.
You don't have to pace around, just lay down over here, dude.
Tonight, I am going to allow a little, it's a segment of, it's not the entire thing.
of Coach K's preseason talk at Duke.
I have a lot of respect for this coach from Duke that also played for Bobby Knight, and he's just a great guy, and I don't want to go too much into it, but his
His role in turning around, for example, the U.S.
Olympic team was absolutely essential.
And I think he's just a really all-around great guy.
And he's got a cool thing to say about loose balls and your voice.
That's the title of the show today.
And I want to get this all queued up here.
I think this is ready to go, right?
Oh, I didn't take the sinks off yet.
The shooting today was really remarkable.
I was above 60% until the last 10 shots or something like that.
It really broke my heart.
I think I missed 10 in a row at the end.
And I kept being stubborn and fighting for it, you know, just hoping that I would bring it back, but I didn't bring it back.
It just went worse.
I think I ended up with 57% today, which is one of the best days I've ever had.
And that's 13,000 made shots 26,000 taken since February I Think since February So I've been putting a lot of work in it's taken a lot longer than I thought it was going to and as a result
The whole delay of biology and basketball has definitely occurred, I will admit it, but I didn't want to start that until I was ready, until I had my form back, until I was reasonably sure I wasn't going to get injured.
Hey, and I've been at a couple times, you know, thinking I wasn't going to be able to pull it off, but I've been doing some knees over toes stuff that I wanted to share some people because
I think it's a few viewers, actually, and some people on Soapbox that shared this guy with me named Knees Over Toes Guy.
And ever since I've watched him, I've adopted quite a few of his exercises.
And I can say with reasonable confidence that at least for my knees and in my situation, this has been really spectacular.
My knees are making noise today for the first time in a while.
They, they, they're the last two or three weeks they've been silent.
And, and I've just been doing a bounce at the bottom of these full length.
So those of you out there who sent the, this is really for that person.
I don't, maybe only for like three people who are in that, that thing.
But you need to have, you can build yourself one of these.
You know if Mark's watching he would just cut a little wedge like this.
So that you can have your heels on an angle.
Will you hush your mouth.
You don't need to be growling at anybody.
And then you put your heels on this angle like that.
So that you can very stably come down all the way to the bottom and hold it.
And you don't go all the way until you rest, like you're gonna pick rice.
But you rest about right here, like, I don't know, I don't know what Knees Over Toes guy would call this, but it's like 90% down.
And you can hold it there, or you can bounce there a little bit, and then very slowly come back up.
There you heard it pop.
And I think...
For a lot of people who might have bad knees in my audience, you know, all the cat ladies and stuff like that, that's going to be an impossible amount of dip there.
But you can start with a lot less than that.
The most important thing to understand is that with that wedge, these kinds of squats are a lot more stable and you can focus on what you're doing without worrying about, you know,
wobbling on your ankles or wobbling on your on the balls of your feet, which is what you would otherwise need to do if you were going to do those moves.
So anyway,
What was I gonna say?
Oh yeah, Bobby, Donnie, Albert, Marty.
I wanted to show you the Albert part of that because during the Albert part of that little thing we watched the other day, there's actually this part where you can clearly see that they have misrepresented Bobby's scowling face when Albert Bourla is talking because when he's introduced and when he speaks that we watched yesterday, you can clearly see that Bourla is shaking his hand and they're all saying they're leaders and yada, yada, yada.
When you hear Trump speak, he also says that Albert Bourla is a leader and a shining star in leadership or something like that.
And so it's really remarkable what Albert says and the whole banter there.
So we'll watch that.
And then finally, we'll get back to this frontline thing.
We've only watched about 15 minutes of it, and I at least want to watch enough of it so that you can see
exactly where they were in 2015 on Frontline, on PBS, and see that that whole narrative, that whole argument, that whole discussion has not progressed even one minutia.
And it's so strange, unless you come to see it as a trap, a kind of argument that they have been fomenting and stirring up and rehashing for years, trying to perfect the group of people
that would be their representatives in this stew of social media at the start of the already known to coming anticipated rise in all-cause mortality and pandemic.
Mikey, now come here.
Come here.
Mike, over here.
Come on.
You are not going to be singing while I'm doing this, so get over here and I'll rub your neck or something.
You shut your mouth, you do-ho.
And so I think it's going to be a nice show.
I got a lot, you know, I think it's all set up.
And then we'll do a little rocking as well.
And yeah, we'll see where we get.
Don't forget that this live broadcast is intended for mature audiences.
I may swear, I may use the S word.
And yeah, I don't know where we're going to go from here, but hopefully it's going to be somewhere nice and somewhere fun.
And thanks for joining me.
I will see you again in a second.
Don't forget that in 2013 Brian hooker will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged The condition condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism He was actually damaged so this is really a problem because actually Brian hooker is one of the people that was recruited and in the movie vaxxed along with
Pauly, Tommy and Andrew Wakefield and RFK Jr.
and they all have been standing in front of us ever since.
But in 2013, Brian Hooker didn't use the word autism.
Logically damaged in condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
And so really what this all comes down to, this illusion is sticking to a provided script.
And I don't know for sure who provided it, but I'm pretty sure that Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone are pretty close to the script writers for this.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
Oops.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
And all those people are committed to the lie.
They're all committed to the lie.
And so if you want to break any of these people, just force them to have a discussion about autism spectrum disorder actually being a myth.
and then explain to them that it's a myth because it's not a specific thing.
And it's a myth because Brian Hooker of CHD in 2013 didn't use the word autism to describe his neurologically damaged son.
Instead, autism spectrum disorder has become a myth that's used to make sure that intramuscular injections never questioned as a methodology, virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Like him.
So as much as you guys can, tap into that as much as possible.
But Coach, thank you.
You're the best.
All right.
Thanks, man.
The floor is yours.
With what Coach Shire's saying, I'm still involved with the game.
I work for the NBA.
I'm an advisor for Adam Silver, and I'm at all their meetings.
So I say real current in this game, but the game that you guys would want to become a part of.
I don't miss coaching.
I miss relationship building.
And that's the main thing.
And just so you know, we're there for you.
My family, we want us.
We're still us.
I wanted to share with you something today.
You know, when you think of moments, you know, when you're dreaming, you know, do you think of a championship moment?
You know, you want to picture yourself in a championship moment or hitting a winning shot, right?
You know, in your imagination.
Or if you don't do that, that's a mistake.
Even with my Olympic teams, we spent time with mindfulness, where you did mental reps.
at night, Kobe Bryant was probably the best in that, where he would imagine himself being in different moments.
But his moments were not only shooting moments.
And as you start practice today, some of the little things that you wouldn't think lead to moments actually do.
And I want to talk to you about two guys, two guys from the Brotherhood, and show you a little bit.
today about moments.
The first one is about an 18-year-old kid in 2015, Grayson Allen.
Grayson was the last guy on our team.
Okay, we only had eight guys who played and he was number eight.
And early in the year he had some DMPs.
He didn't play in games.
But he practiced his ass off every day.
And he developed relationships with the other guys.
He made them better, and they made him better.
And then all of a sudden, he started getting better.
He got some playing time.
And the thing I want to show you, Trev, this is a moment.
This is the national championship game in 2015.
There's 73,000 people in the stands, and it was the most watched game for a long time.
Over 30 million people watched this game.
Grayson Allen did three little things, three moments, that all of you are capable of doing.
And understand, even though some of you may think, am I the eighth man, tenth, seventh starter, or whatever, all of you are important, and all of you have the ability
to make a play in a moment.
The very first thing, don't start it yet, you're going to see him deny.
We're dead in the water.
We're only down six, but the momentum of the game has shifted to Wisconsin.
They're a veteran team.
We started three pretty good freshmen, Tyus Jalil and Justice Winslow.
We're dead in the water right now.
And this, I put Grayson in the game.
He hit a couple buckets before this to put us a little bit closer.
But the play he's going to make, you're going to see the denial, then him getting a damn, god darn, loose ball.
A loose ball.
And then, after he gets the loose ball, a moment where he uses his voice.
A denial moment, loose ball, amazing moment in using his voice.
Let's show it, okay?
The denial, the loose ball, but then his voice afterwards, okay?
And watch him.
I wish you all could feel that, all right?
And what that did,
What that did, it was like a lightning bolt that went through.
I became a better coach.
And it came from an 18-year-old, the eighth guy on our team.
Grayson Allen really was the catalyst of winning the national championship.
And so when you got a loose ball, practice those moments.
Practice your voice.
Don't wait for someone just to talk to you.
And the fact is he had the courage to say what he felt.
Have the courage to say what you feel to one another.
Don't pussyfoot around everything.
If someone's got their head up their butt, don't wait for a coach to do it.
You do it.
You're playing with one another.
Don't accept anything but the best from your teammate.
What time is it?
Game time.
I really liked that starting thing.
I thought that what he had to say really meant something in terms of using your voice.
He's talking about a guy who was playing in front of 70,000 people, being watched by 30 million people, and he still had the wherewithal to stand up and scream and shout, get off social media.
That's the only noncompliance that matters.
Maybe you need to get up and shout that.
Maybe you need to try and get your kids to get up and shout that at school.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Gigoloan Biological.
If I sound a little winded or a little tired, it's because I'm back from the gym and I am a little bit winded and a little bit tired.
This has been the third day in a row of, well, it's the fifth day in a row, but this is a half day.
I didn't do most of my workout today, but I'm still tired.
And so mice don't die in traps unless they don't understand why the cheese is free.
That's their problem, see?
And I'll explain to you why the cheese is free.
It's because we are at a time point when human diversity is at its peak for all time.
There may never be... There may never be another time point on Earth when there is this much human diversity to collect as data.
Do you understand what that means?
There will never be more genetic diversity available again.
What would you do?
That's the spooky question, ladies and gentlemen.
That's the spooky question we're gonna be asking all October, or should I say Rocktober long.
It's one big theater, one big cast.
Everyone trusts the scripts and you can't change it.
Because that's not how theater works.
He can't yell at the stage and have them change the script.
In fact, if you yell at the stage, you'll get thrown out.
Isn't that interesting that that's what's happening right now?
Isn't it interesting that that's what's happening?
It's almost like we're watching a theater, complete.
with ushers and security guards.
Oh my goodness, it's creepy times, ladies and gentlemen.
Creepy times, so you gotta stick to what you can know, and that would be biology.
That would be biology, and I'm very happy to be here.
I'm very happy to be spreading the truth about autism spectrum disorder and the mythology and how it's used.
I'm very happy to be spreading the truth about how pandemics and gain of function are also used in a similar way.
Um, it's an exciting time to be around, uh, these parts.
It's an exciting time to be around these parts.
And, uh... Yeah.
I like to think of us as the magic sunglasses.
Sorry I'm not on screen yet.
I'm juggling a tea over here, and I'm trying not to burn my legs.
I still have my... my basketball shorts on, so the potential for second-degree stream-ending burns is not zero.
Ahem.
here.
Anthrax mutation.
Can you believe it was going to be called Project Dracula and then they, he said, hey, how about we call it, how about we call it anthrax mutation?
It's kind of the same thing.
It's like a lycanthrope in some ways.
Um, and anthrax can also be killed with a stake to the, well, a crucifix.
Well, anthrax is similar because it's, it doesn't like garlic either.
Um, yeah.
So, ladies and gentlemen, please, let's start sharing our children, showing our children the truth.
The truth about why the cheese is free on social media, and that is because it is a military weapon designed to control us.
It fragments us into countless intellectual groups that are related in ways that allow us to be confused, move between groups, and never get anywhere.
While we sit on our couch and stream, we've got to stay focused, ladies and gentlemen.
America is being undermined.
in lots of different ways, but one of the easiest ways to see how we're being undermined is to try and pay attention to biology.
Especially for me, as a lifelong biologist, I feel very comfortable calling these people out as national security actors.
I wasn't comfortable calling them out in 2020, or in 2021, or in 2022, or in 2023.
I was still trying to figure out which one of them could possibly... They can't all be bad, right?
And that was my mistake.
But here we are, and the sun is shining.
It's a ridiculous 75 or 78 degrees here in the evening with a bright sun coming in the back door.
It's a spectacular Indian summer, if Indian summer can be right now.
I don't know about that.
I mean, why not, right?
yeah I don't know if it's my work or if it's just pirated you know the thing is is that that's what substack does and the more that I would have written on substack the more that would have gotten pirated because substack is just the same it's the same kind of show you know they can
They can show up in all kinds of comments and argue with you all day long, and you can argue back, and you don't even know if you're really arguing with the person that says that they're arguing with you.
It's really all just a great big, awful, terrible mess.
Unless you're maintaining the forum or the platform and you know that it's just, you know, just people posting and making threads, you really are not.
You're not free.
And I think we got to work together to seek the truth.
I think I'm just going to pop myself down here.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
Thanks for being here.
My energy will pick up as I move through this stream.
It is an efficient one.
I really think we're at the stage where all of us can think of ourselves as the seventh player in an eight-player roster.
And we need to train to be ready.
We need to be training to be ready.
We need to be training in a way that we know that whenever we have an open shot, we can take it.
And I think that's what I'm trying to do with these very short and succinct statements like intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
Because if you can succinctly say that to someone on the street or on the bus or at work,
and casually just drop that not in an argumentative way, but you know, it's interesting because intramuscular injection is actually just a dumb idea from the late 1800s back when people didn't understand anything to do with the immune system and in fact thought that medicine could be any combination of substances injected and most of the time it was morphine and the crazy part was is these doctors were using like one needle and
or two needles and one plunger for everything and all combinations of stuff, you know, washing it or something like that.
And so there's even the possibility
that the early use of hypodermic needles, most often for morphine, meant that every time somebody got an injection, there was more or less a little morphine.
And in fact, when we start reading some of these older books that I have on the shelf behind me, what you will find is that they, in fact, always, always combined the same shit.
And it was just a question of where they put it and for what.
So,
Just to give you an example, all of these are anecdotal stories in here.
Miss K is a neuralgia involving all the branches of the fifth pair of nerves on the right side.
Miss K, a maiden lady residing near Cape Cod, consulted me in the spring of 1863.
She's a 49 years old, diseptic,
I don't know what that means, exceedingly nervous, was seized with neuralgia about eleven years ago, and with the cessation of her catamenia about three years ago, its violence increased, so acute is the pain that she dared not leave the house without a veil over her face.
The least breath of air, the faintest sound, a loud word spoken in conversation can conjure up as if by magic a paroxysm.
Then her cry for relief is almost agonizing.
I resorted to hypodermic injection as all remedial agents had proved unsuccessful.
April 9th injected minimums of liquor opium comp near the infraorbital foramen.
Aside from considerable gastric disturbance which followed the operation, relief was complete for four days.
April 14th renewed the injection with benefit continuing for seven days.
For four months, the same treatment was continued whenever the occasion required the paroxysms diminished in intensity and in frequency.
So again, this whole injection thing is always a combination of opium, liquor, he calls liquor, opi, comp,
in and in the book, if we read it page by page, I can't find that page right now.
And I don't want to page through it.
It's just a combination of substances that he considers his standard mix.
And it is derived from two other doctors that he cites in here that he thinks he's just a little bit more advanced than them.
And he can use that combination of substances and just apply it in different places, most often subcutaneously.
And he cures a wide variety of conditions, even a woman that had neuralgia for 16 years.
Now it's hard to tell what he just said there.
What I just read there sounded like he was injecting it somewhere in her head, which is kind of scary, but I don't think that was the case.
I think it was like in her neck or something.
Anyway, the point is, is that they thought and talked about intramuscular injection of opioids
in the same way that people talk in 2025 about the miracle that vaccines are.
That it is absolutely world changing.
Vaccines are world changing, which is actually maybe not totally true.
And so
We find ourselves in a situation where the American government in particular, but it's all governments around the world that are on this global team, have decided that their population pyramids are an opportunity to manage this problem.
You know, this problem that the vaccines are not exactly right.
We know that they do okay, or we know that they don't harm a lot of people.
I don't know what we know, but something isn't right.
And more importantly, they want to change the vaccine schedule to mRNA.
There's no doubt about it.
They want to change it to naked DNA.
They want to change it to electroporation.
There's a lot of different things that they would rather use.
And so slowly but surely, there is going to be a capitulation to the idea that there's something flawed in the vaccine schedule.
It's just not all of them.
And
And that sort of wishy-washy thing that started already seven months ago is gonna continue for a couple more years, I guarantee it.
And in that same continuance, of course, we have Albert Bourla getting $7 billion long-term contract from the US government, I guess to cure cancer or something, but that's of course not true.
It is to develop the future vaccines and the replacement schedule, and probably,
Eventually a transition to personalized medicine in the form of transfection in the same way.
We'll just transfect you and we'll program your immune system based on your genetics.
And I don't know all the details yet because you know, it's impossible to know all the details.
But I know that they lied about the pandemic.
And so, I don't know if I'm in focus there or there.
It's a little bright because the door is open.
And so this time scale of the pandemic is amazingly short.
In fact, it's too short to see that Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Brian Hooker were put in place somewhere circa 2015.
And then in behind the scenes using social media, they were amplified as the leaders of an anti-vax movement.
and not really giving any shit about it.
I just kind of allowed to spin in the background and buy ranches in Austin, Texas and open up therapy places in the UK and have property in both countries and all that stuff.
But it really didn't do anything.
And the reason why was because those people were being put in place specifically for this last six years.
But at the time of these last six years, it just seemed like those were the people who were ahead.
Those were the people who already knew that we should doubt big pharma.
We should doubt the government because they lie about vaccines.
And so then a lot of people just heard about them for the first time during the pandemic, but who would it have been?
Well, of course, by then everyone's acquiescing to the use of social media and everybody that needed to find Brian Hooker needed to find
Andrew Kaufman needed to find Robert Malone, needed to find Brian Hooker, needed to find Brett Weinstein, were funneled there by programming.
Anybody with the right clicks and the right curiosity or the right search terms would have eventually found themselves following Jessica Rose.
It was inevitable.
Anybody that was really curious about what was going on with the mRNA shot in 2021 would have inevitably found themselves following either Peter McCullough, Pierre Corey, Ryan Cole, Steve Kirsch, or Robert Malone and Brett Weinstein.
That's just inevitable.
And that's what you need to see happening in this last six years is a very carefully titrated segregation by curiosity, by question, by knowledge level, whatever, of the entire population using social media.
And then the fractionation of all of those groups into controllable little bits
and they had actors in all of those controllable little bits or who were feeding those people controllable little bits of their actors in other groups.
But it was all a lollapalooza of liars.
And then by the time 2023 was around, it was supposed to be done.
There was supposed to be actors in place.
Everything was good.
Epi girls all over the place, telling everybody that there was injuries from the shots.
And so it's crazy because actually the SPARS pandemic document didn't really get us to where we actually are today.
It was a lie, of course, right?
The brochure version of the actual event was not going to tell us where we were going to go.
But right now a large portion of the American and world population believe that the mRNA shot did something good.
And it didn't.
Like if it transfected people, it transfected people randomly throughout their body and probably provoked any countless probably number of, a countless number of autoimmune and other frailties that will manifest over the next many years.
Maybe the least of which is stillbirths and SIDS.
It is a, it's an ugly state that we are in because again, remember this, this social media weaponized social control suite.
that was foisted upon us has created the illusion to us, or at least it did had me fooled for a long time, that it's roughly 50-50 that the truth is really getting out.
But ladies and gentlemen, I assure you, the only truth that's getting out in America and around the world is that Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Marty McCary and J. Bhattacharya are nothing good.
They are just exactly as ridiculous as Donald Trump himself.
And a lot of other people in Europe can see it.
A lot of other people around the world can see it.
And the vast majority of Americans believe it.
And so while other people are chasing around the stories of Charlie Kirk, America has already moved on and is still dealing with the train wreck of Donald Trump, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the colonel from the Turkish military, and the Egyptian UK citizen at the FDA.
This is a disaster.
And so I thought I would check into this.
You know that Mark Kulak has a website called earlycovidsurvivors.com.
And earlycovidsurvivors.com is a nice way of keeping track of all the people who publicly claim, publicly claimed, wrote about, spoke about, were on TV about having COVID in 2019 or 2020.
And the interesting,
cast of characters.
This is from 2021 in May where Charlie Sheen talks life under quarantine.
Plus, would he ever pick baseball over acting?
But if you read down here, actor Charlie Sheen is looking happy.
Oh, I can't see.
There it is.
is looking happy and healthy as he's made his first public appearance since the COVID-19 pandemic.
So they're telling us on May 24th, 2021, that the first time that Charlie Sheen was out in public was May, that's impressive.
That's an impressive statement.
I've transitioned into that coaching role, but that's all right.
That's all right.
The students need educators, you know.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So how have you been?
I mean, this pandemic has been hard for everybody, some more than others.
How has it been for you and the kids?
Yeah, no, we all
You know, for me personally, from its onset, I approached it how I approach every other day, and that's that I just led with common sense and common courtesy.
So when they told me to stay home, I stayed home.
When they told me to wear a mask, I wore a mask.
When they said I could do this, I did that.
So it, it, uh, I, I, I didn't get wrapped up in all the, in all the nonsense that led to so much.
That is the, that's the clearest statement of, I guess he's, he's, he's, he conformed.
Let's just say it like that.
He conformed.
I'm a fan of science.
And the kids?
How are your kids doing?
They're great.
They're all great.
There's a bunch of them.
No, they're all doing well.
And they followed my lead on those same fronts.
Any hobbies?
Did you take up anything new?
You know, I had a host of stuff I was gonna dive into.
You know, a second language or an instrument.
Nah, none of it happened.
Nah, there was... A second language or an instrument?
Why would that ever occur to you?
Did that ever occur to you?
That you, wow, this lockdown, I might as well get started learning Japanese.
I guess as long as we're gonna be locked down for a frickin' year, I might as well get a guitar, or pick up a keyboard, or I don't know what.
Like, that's such a weird...
It seems like a weird statement to me, but maybe I'm just being goofy.
Good intention.
Yeah, suddenly there was just too much good programming to miss.
Suddenly there was too much good programming.
Nice mask.
Oh, likewise.
Thank you.
You super clown.
Wow, that's spectacular.
So again, it's not a gain-of-function virus.
There aren't elite pedophiles that are running the world.
And if, you know,
It's for the grandchildren of earth, but it's not, you know, Donald Trump is not fighting for the grandchildren of earth.
Trump is, is, is, you know, COVID is real.
And on this side of the narrative, quite frankly, there's, it's still the truth.
Vaccine injury and profound autism like that described by Brian Hooker or by Pauly Tommy is extremely rare.
And it remains extremely rare.
In America right now, I think the odds are pretty good that it's more rare for you to have an autistic child than it would be for you to lose a child to the opioids, opioid pandemic, maybe epidemic.
That's even what Mark just did a short about, I'm pretty sure.
Vaccines can work on this side too.
Donald Trump is very proud of the mRNA and the mRNA just needs to be adjusted, right?
So that's the problem that we have here.
That's the issue and the reason why that is absolutely...
Wrong I didn't get that timing right because my other slider was down here But you know, it's not mother nature either and humans aren't a plague on earth because that plague is already ending It's it's a preponderance of old people that in 20 years aren't gonna be here.
Their houses are gonna be empty And that's happening all around the world.
So if humans are a plague the plague is absolutely positively ending so this can't possibly be
But I think this might be right.
I think it might've been management of a population pyramid problem with a little murder and a little lies, because this is for all the marbles, the grandchildren of earth.
There is never going to be this much diversity in human genomes and in medical data and human data to collect again.
The population pyramids of the world reveal it.
the population of the world is about to collapse.
So the 10 or 11 billion people on Earth right now represent data that will never actually be able to be collected again, unless you allow the population of the Earth to grow in that way again.
With all the resources and systemic support that we've had up until this point through the 20th century, do you see the problem here?
Do you see the opportunity here?
And then that makes it much more sense why there are, instead of lots of people like Kevin McKernan that can tell us all about the human genome and genome sequencing and all the things that are to come, or Ray Kurzweiler, we've got all these clowns in front of us like Elon and Jeff Bezos and Peter Thiel and Alex Karp and Mark Zuckerberg.
Come on, come on.
Are you serious?
Bobby and Donnie,
I think we're right.
I think we're right on this.
I think it's just a question of, you know, being able to accept the fact that there's not much more work to be done at this point.
As long as these people keep floundering around and keep reading the script, then it's pretty easy to point it out.
The American public is governed by national security actors, citizens are actively divided on false premises, and the pandemic was a culmination of a long con that's essentially the Human Genome Project militarized.
And the idea is to use as much of the world population as possible as experimental animals.
Collect the data and not share it with everybody.
The Chinese may be collecting genomes from all of us.
It's possible.
Just like they're collecting TikTok pictures of you and TikTok videos of you.
And it's possible that all that data is being collected, but conceived the idea that this data still needs to be stored and it needs to be stored in a common format so that it could be compared across individuals over time.
And so all of these,
Data infrastructures still need to be built.
All of these hypothetical data formats still have to be discovered and fine-tuned.
And so there are a lot of steps that still need to happen before 10 billion genomes can be collected and combined with the medical data that could be derived from their lives.
And so we're developing the technologies that can carry that data around, the technologies that can transmit that data back to a central data hub.
We're building the technologies that can keep track of those individuals over time so that the records never get mixed up and can be tracked.
We're building all of this infrastructure that we can store all that data over time and supply it back to a machine learning algorithm.
We're just using it for other things right now, like PlayStation games and YouTube and Netflix videos.
But we've already got the data infrastructure in Oracle, all kinds of Oracle products, all kinds of Oracle products.
Every single database in the U.S.
government is an Oracle product.
You know Larry Ellison?
You know John Cullen?
It's all one malevolent show.
All the little players, all the big players, it's all one malevolent show.
It's been planned for a very, very, very long time.
Very long time.
I heard somebody, I read somebody in the chat is download the
the YouTube PeerTube thing and it got it to work.
So that's good.
But it is still the chat in Twitch is still, of course, a very nice place to be.
So I can't blame you for wanting to have that window open.
I can't really improve.
I could improve that by doing the Twitch chat, but then you'd still have to come on.
I can also put the PeerTube chat up.
But then again, you know, you have to go over there and put your little name in the PeerTube chat.
But anyway, we can do that, whatever we need to do.
I think we're just going to get on with this little thing.
You know this is the story.
Um, it's fifth generation warfare.
Um, i've met a lot of these people.
I tried to follow them around I tried but you can tell if someone's something and they just didn't listen.
Um, even jay bata charia, uh, it's just really a disaster Um, I don't know how to describe it any other way.
I feel like i'm the only one who's seen the alien I feel really weird because I know all these people are liars, but I can't Convince most people because they're engaged in social media
But I'll go to my grave knowing that all those people on the previous page are liars.
I mean, it's, well, you know, all the people on the previous page except for this guy down here because this guy is my friend Nathan who died in December of 2023 from a shocking aneurysm.
And so, but everybody else is lying on this page.
Nobody on this page, after telling me that I was so great, is supporting me, or supported me, or is saying that my work is good anymore because, again, they were all part of the Kennedy show.
They were all part of the anti-vax movement that was fake.
They were all part of covering up the murder and lies.
They were all part of this network of podcasters and interviews that was going to be set up and used and magnified during the pandemic and serve as a place for people to audition.
for roles in the upper layers of the podcast universe.
And they provide the virtual stage that PBS NewsHour and CBS Sunday Morning used to provide, that 60 Minutes used to provide.
Now, social media and podcasts provide a very specific, you know, if you like, I don't know,
I don't even know any names of people anymore because I don't watch anybody.
But if you like Mark Kulak, for example, and you're one of the
let's say 5,000 people, but I know that's a little exaggerating, 5,000 people that follow Mark Kulak regularly, and you're satisfied with Mark Kulak's take on the world, then you might only watch a couple of Joe Rogan episodes, and some Family Guy, and I don't know what else you might watch, and then the rest of the time listen to Mark.
And so as a cat herder, Mark would be a mid-level cat herder with 5,000 followers, and he might have a sponsor,
And with enough Mark Kulaks with different voices and different hair and some with boobs and some not, you could just imagine a scenario where you just have a bunch of people on the internet and together,
They represent a controlled wall where no one's ever gonna say infectious clones, and no one's ever gonna say that mRNA is just transfection, and no one's ever gonna say that gain-of-function is a myth, and if they say anything about viruses, they'll either say that of course viruses are real, or no, there are no viruses, there's no proof.
And so, with a well-trained, scripted army of people, the internet becomes a playground, because they can program you to find these people.
And depending on whether or not you watch that whole episode of Joe Rogan, or you clicked right past it, then they can feed you something else until they find your little niche.
And before you know it, you've got your favorite podcasts and you've got your favorite, you know, X accounts, and you can waste all of the time that you're curious on those things and those people, and lo and behold, they've got you.
But maybe you like, I don't know, Substack or something like that.
And then the same thing applies.
Because they're promoting each other.
They're not promoting somebody like me or somebody like Mark Kulak.
And so if you found me, you might find Mark.
But if you find Joe Rogan, then you might find the Rubin Report.
And then you might find that the Rubin Report had Viva Frye and
and Dr. Drew and ZDoggMD all on at the same time in 2021.
And then you realize that that is one network of people promoting you all different flavors of scripted bullshitters.
so if if i don't know z dog md is the one out of those four people that makes the most sense to you then you can go follow him and then you might meet vinay prasad and and and marty mccarty carry on the next episode that you watch but if it's one of the other guys that you follow then maybe soon you'll have ryan cole on or something like that and so these
shit sandwiches of of scripted influencers were served to us time and time again and because we were naive and didn't understand what they were doing we chose one of the flavors presented to us and followed that person to another group of idiots and before you know it
You're following Jessica Rose and Nick Hudson and you think Panda's the best group out of all the groups and you also really like Doctors for COVID Ethics but not Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics International because Stephen Frost is kind of a dork or something like that and you have a useless opinion about meaningless actors that are all on a coordinated script.
Joe Rogan doesn't have to know because he's getting paid enough money not to give a shit.
And so here we are, still focused on too short of a timescale to understand that right down to Joe Rogan, Mary Holland, Meryl Ness, Brian Hooker, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., all of them were put in place, getting ready to go so that when this shit took place, the only thing they needed to do was kill Brandy Vaughn and Tony Barker.
The absolute playing field was clear.
Everybody else was bewildered.
Everybody else was on the same team.
So it was them against us.
And we didn't even know there was a Globetrotters that we were playing.
You see, we didn't know they were on the same team.
But the same team that knew that this was coming, I assure you.
That's why they existed.
That's why they were put in place, because this signal has been coming for decades.
The plan to declare a pandemic has been coming for decades.
And that's why ICANN and VAX and Polytomy and Andrew Wakefield and Children's Health Defense all came into existence.
How they came into existence in the chronology that they came into existence with the people
that they came into existence with versus the people that they didn't come into existence with.
Again, including the dead and murdered Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark.
And so I'm trying to seek the truth about this.
I'm trying very hard, but it's difficult because this is goofy shit.
It is my absolute pleasure to introduce Albert Bourla, CEO of Pfizer.
What do you think he did?
Whispered, you're a murderer in his ear?
You think that's what he did?
I don't, I don't, I don't think that's what he whispered.
Mr. President, what an honor to be here today in this office to announce a landmark agreement.
I think it's a historic day.
Is this the Corliss office?
He has a beautiful office.
It is my absolute pleasure to introduce Albert Bourla, CEO of Pfizer.
It's my absolute honor.
What I'm trying to point out to you, ladies and gentlemen, is that although it's not perfect, they have scored the main touchdown here.
They have normalized mRNA.
The vast majority of Americans believe that mRNA worked just fine.
And that is most likely, most likely because most or a lot of the RNA shots were actually placebo.
I'm not saying nobody got hot shots because my friend certainly died from it, but, or likely died from it, I guess.
I don't know if he did or not.
But I have more than one friend.
I have also a sister-in-law and I have also a father-in-law.
And so it's all murder and lies.
And these people don't seem to be too concerned about the murder and the lies at all.
the murder of more than a million Americans over, say, five years, and the misconstruing of that as a once-in-a-lifetime pandemic.
And these guys don't seem to care at all.
And the reason why is because they are on a script.
I will suggest to you right now that they never thought that the lab leak and the natural virus and the gain-of-function thing would need to go that far.
That may have even been some kind of improv thing that they did, again, hoping that the last remaining people would get sucked up into it because it didn't work out in their favor.
The book, Wuhan Cover-Up, is a disaster because the listed expert in the book is disavowing the book.
Jonathan J. Cooey, that's me, first listed expert in Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's book, wants any newspaper in the United States or the world to print
My statement, he is a fraud.
He defrauded me and my family by putting me in that book and not fixing it like I told him he should, not printing it in the right way because all of the real data is in there.
All the real things that needed to be said are in there.
It's just that the way that the book was arranged at the final arrangement makes it seem like I kind of think that there's gain of function viruses too, but I don't.
And so in a way you could say that he took my words and kind of put them in where he needed to.
And he used the parts of my statements that he needed to, to say the things that he wanted to, without actually saying what I said to him, which is gain of function is a mythology.
All they need to do is make a bunch of DNA and then they could find it wherever they wanted to.
They could put it wherever they wanted to, and maybe even, maybe even transfect people with it and make some protein.
Who knows?
He is a fraud, ladies and gentlemen, but the reason why this is happening in the way that it's happening is because this is exactly where we are supposed to be, minus some of the smoke and some of the broken glass and some of the mess.
It was supposed to be a lot neater.
He was supposed to clean up the anti-vax movement a lot better than he did.
But he did a pretty damn good job because there's a lot of them that still believe.
At least there seem to be if you use social media as a way of assessing that.
I'm not so sure.
And so I think this is a big, big moment because they may be lying through their teeth, even about the support that Donald Trump actually has.
It may be important to consider the fact that Donald Trump doesn't have the support that they've told us he does.
that Trump supporters are a smaller fraction of America than they are told and led to believe.
Specifically because there is a plan to flip this.
And the hardcores, the ones that go bananas, the ones that stick to it, they may be somehow misconstrued as a Christian nationalist terrorist, something like that.
And these people would certainly be all about it.
He'd be all about it.
They're all in.
Bourla.
Mr. President, what an honor to be here today in this office to announce a landmark agreement.
I think it's an historic day.
Is this the coolest office?
He has a beautiful office, but the Oval is the coolest, right?
What do you think?
I think by far.
And I have seen other presidents' offices.
There's nothing like that.
It's a good office.
Yeah.
So it's an historic day because I think today we are turning the tide and we are reversing an unfair situation.
For years, other rich nations refused to pay the fair share for the medical innovation.
And as a result, Americans had to assume this proportional cost on their shoulders.
This situation, we all knew, is not sustainable.
It really does feel like a stupid-ass script.
that America has been paying the research and development costs for the rest of the world because I guess we're dumb or something.
I don't know.
And it's unacceptable.
And Donald Trump's the only one who could figure out how to fix it.
And Albert Bourla, he will admit that Donald Trump is a genius too.
It's like, gosh, this is so dumb.
Don't forget yesterday, I showed you that at the beginning, Bobby Kennedy went on for hours about these people and how great they were, which is just, it's so absurd.
The situation is a situation that many wanted to change, but no one could.
This is changing today with this agreement.
In July, the president sent to me and other heads of pharmaceutical companies a letter.
And over there, he articulated four specific requests.
These requests, it was obvious to us, were designed to lower drug costs in the America in different ways, each one of them, and all together, holistically, to have synergistic effect in the impact that that will have in the U.S.
healthcare costs and patients.
With this deal that we signed today, we satisfied all four of President's requests, all four.
The big winner of this deal clearly will be the American patient.
There is no doubt about it.
They are the ones that will see significant impact in their ability to buy medicines.
But I would argue that it is not the only winner.
I think who else is a winner here.
It is American innovation and American economy in our industry.
We had two major overhangs that have substantially reduced our valuations and create concerns for us in our ability to invest.
We are addressing both of them right now, and I will speak about them.
The first one was the uncertainty of tariffs, because the president is absolutely right.
Tariffs is the most powerful tool to motivate behaviors, Mr. President, and clearly motivated ours.
Right.
So.
By this agreement that we did, we commit to onshore the production of our medicines that are consumed in the US and are made outside the US.
And for that, we are ready to unleash our investment portfolio in this country.
And the president graciously gave us a three years grace period that we will not be subject to the 232 tariffs as long as, of course, we move the products here.
That's one.
The second overhand in our industry was this uncertainty, what will happen with the framework of pricing in the country, best in the pharmaceutical industry, which resulted in significant reduction of our multiples.
Actually, our multiples are at historical low.
Well, now we have clarity about what is the framework for the U.S.
pricing.
Read the letter of President Trump, read the four points, and this is the framework.
And we will abide to that.
And going forward, this is how things will be priced in the U.S.
and abroad.
We are ready to invest, as the President also mentioned, $70 billion in the next few years from Pfizer in manufacturing and research in America alone.
I really think this is an historical moment, because also I can put that behind us and focus on the things that I want to spend my time, cancer treatments, to bring better obesity medicines, to bring better vaccines, to bring things that people value.
And thank you for allowing us to do that.
I want to thank Secretary Kennedy.
I want to thank Secretary Lattner.
Your leadership helped us to pull that together.
You are the mastermind of everything.
And without the brilliant way that you designed the whole thing, we wouldn't be able to make it happen.
What the hell was that?
Did he say bless your what?
Holy crap.
Wow.
I mean, that's just crazy.
Even more brilliant because you had someone in your team that he was the driving force behind everything.
And I don't have words to thank you for your integrity.
And it is what you have said.
We created trust from day one.
And that was the most important thing that allowed us to be able to pull very difficult negotiations.
Of course, also, I want to thank the U.S.
Trade Representative, who is also heavily engaged.
And he's probably the first trade representative that I have seen that cares about our industry and cares to do something about unfair situations out there, but more than anyone else.
Mr. President, I want to thank you for your leadership and, frankly, for your friendship.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. President.
The growth of drug spending, that is the increase in drug pricing, is the fastest and biggest increasing area of health care spending.
So today's announcement has incredible implications.
Remember that this guy basically rose to prominence on the podcast of ZDoggMD and Vinay Prasad.
Vinay Prasad being his second in charge.
He basically started the pandemic with a book to sell and did lots and lots of podcasts with those two other dipshits.
I mean, it's that simple and it's all one malevolent team.
And I don't know who and what, but it's ugly because it's all the same show.
From Donald Trump 2016 all the way to Donald Trump 2025, it's always been the same show.
with a very convenient robot Biden administration for four years in between, which means really a total of really 12 years of unbridled control over the American government with no effective oversight by its citizens because there were actors in place for that long, at least.
See how bad it is in America, ladies and gentlemen, in other countries?
Do you see how bad it is if Donald Trump is just a fraudulent pawn of the weaponized piles of money that control America?
Even if they're predominantly Democratic and they use the Democratic Party or the Democratic Party is where most of them are, who cares?
There are no patriots left in our government that I can tell.
And that is by design.
Because it is a theater, there are only thespians there.
Look at this fool.
What do you think he's gonna be saying when I lift up the mic?
Just try to guess.
If you're gonna equalize your price to that of other wealthy countries, we're not talking about Zimbabwe, we're talking about Germany, France, UK, Japan, other wealthy countries, the OECD countries.
If you equalize your price,
then we're going to put your future applications at the front of the line.
A voucher to get a review in weeks has a market street value of about $500 million.
I mean, we are on another planet right now, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't know what to tell you.
So I got to play some music that feels like it's from another planet sometimes.
It might not be the taste of everybody.
I got to tell you, it might not be the taste of everyone.
So I'm just warning you.
is that this RNA exists.
You can capture it.
But I am going to play it because it is it is Rocktober.
But one thing I am confident of.
And so enjoy it.
It starts with a it's actually in the album Passion and Warfare.
And the song or the track answers actually starts with a Dutch person saying this sentence above me.
De Antwoorden zijn altijd al aanwezig.
The answers are always already available.
I think it's a very, very pertinent way to think about where we are.
You just have to see it differently.
Everything else will make much more sense if you just see it differently.
So I hope this doesn't blow your ears out.
I don't have a way of testing this ahead of time.
The answers are always available.
Oops, sorry.
That's the wrong one.
The answers are always present.
Now, I won't go so hardcore on you too often.
I'm not going to pull Steve Vai out every week or something like that.
I understand that he's a lot to take in sometimes.
But I love the way that song starts.
I love the singing in his guitar.
If you're not a guitar player, you probably can't hear what he's doing there.
But man, oh man, if anybody can sing through their guitar, that guy can talk through his guitar, which is...
which is uh yeah he's he's you know his story is actually very very interesting because um it's my understanding that at age 17 he transcribed a whole album of Frank Zappa you know hand wrote it and then gave it to him at a concert or something like that
And so Frank Zappa, for a while, actually gave up the guitar and started writing music that he himself couldn't play and let Steve Vai play it for him on stage.
I mean, that could be kind of a...
I don't know, a poor telling if you're a better Frank Zappa fan or more archivist than I am, but that's my rough understanding of it.
That's how Frank Zappa met Steve Vai at age 17.
The kid just transcribed one of his, or maybe a whole album, something like that, or a guitar solo that he heard.
I don't know.
It was enough to shock Frank Zappa into inviting the kid to the studio to see if he could really
play and he could play and then he just gave up the guitar for a while anyway we belong at um number 15 minute 15 here they showing you a c-section baby um getting the hepatitis b shot and all these other things and they talk about how you know should we really do it etc so then this is a case of pertussis also known as whooping cough
The audience is made up of paramedics.
This is from February 2015.
And that's horrifying for any patient of any age to discover that your airway has closed and you can't inhale.
The teacher, Dr. Cynthia Christophany, is a pediatric intensivist who treats children in need of critical care.
She decided several years ago to document the rare cases of vaccine-preventable illness that turned up in her Portland, Oregon, ICU.
She uses the footage to teach other medics how to recognize these diseases.
So the story is, is that these diseases aren't found in a lot of other parts of the country because only in Portland, Oregon are there enough retards that aren't vaccinating so that there are babies born with these diseases.
And I find that questionable.
But according to Frontline, that's what they're showing you here, that this lady teaches a special course showing videos that only she has because in her hospitals, there are regularly people who are unvaccinated and therefore babies having problems that aren't found in other hospitals.
And I'm curious as to what extent that's true.
I'm old enough to have seen most of the serious life-threatening illnesses that are largely suppressed and some almost eradicated by the modern vaccines.
This baby was a victim of rotavirus.
There's major fluid deficiency in this child's tissues.
Actually kills over half a million humans annually.
Most of them elsewhere on the planet.
The community recollection for these diseases
has largely disappeared.
And so the parents of younger kids who are of vaccine age are unlikely to have had any personal experience.
And unless the grandparents or others can tell them what it was like and happen to have had knowledge of somebody who had a severe complication, it's easier to imagine that these diseases are eradicated.
And so, of course, the implication is that these diseases were eradicated because of the vaccines, not because of nutrition or sanitation or chlorination of water or any of the things that are definitely also responsible for the massive reduction in communicable diseases in our societies since, let's say, 1920 on through 1970.
Those pox are actually something probably none of you have ever seen.
They're chicken pox.
This patient had one of the common or potentially lethal complications of chicken pox.
He got strep sepsis from an infected lesion.
This child came as close to dying of chicken pox as you can come without doing it.
And so I encourage you to remember that chicken pox... So he got strep sepsis from a lesion, which in theory could have happened from any lesion in the skin.
It's just that he had chicken pox.
You're not supposed to pick your scabs.
You're not supposed to pick the pox.
And you're certainly not supposed to do it with dirty fingernails, but maybe that kid did.
And so he almost died of picking a scab, if you want the honest truth about it.
That's the remarkable thing we have here, is that in the end, if chicken pox kills you, it kills you because it breaches your immune barrier and bacteria get in.
Think about that.
also can cause fatalities, even though most people used to think of it as a rite of passage in childhood, and we all got it.
You can do better than that.
There is a vaccine.
This one's a scary one.
This is Haemophilus influenzae type B meningitis.
And he was actually the last patient I ever saw with this disease.
I can tell you, it was the scourge of pediatrics when I was in training, because there was no vaccine.
But beware, it could come back if people stop vaccinating.
I just, I'm not sure that I believe that.
If people stopped vaccinating, it could come back.
So that means it's always there, right?
It's always there.
And only the kids that get vaccinated don't have it.
And the Hib vaccine, the Hib-Titer vaccine was one of the worst vaccines ever created.
It was a small epitope of the Haemophilus influenzae B virus.
uh influenzae b uh bacteria conjugated to a diphtheria toxin like it was ridiculous
Why are we giving children so many vaccines?
There's no more polio in the United States, and there's no more diphtheria in the United States, and no one, no child has contracted wild polio since 1979 in the United States.
So when do we take polio off the vaccine schedule?
When do we say, fantastic, the vaccine worked, we figured it out, we don't have a polio epidemic anymore, let's stop vaccinating against polio?
As vaccine-preventable diseases have become less visible, some Americans have become more concerned about the risks posed by vaccines than by the diseases they prevent.
Public health officials like NIH's Anthony Fauci have struggled with how to communicate the risks of vaccines without causing undue fear of common side effects such as mild fevers and serious adverse events that are extremely rare.
To say that there is no risk in any vaccine would not be truthful.
What is the risk of injecting something into someone's arm?
The risk is that a certain proportion of people will get swelling and a little bit of pain lasting from an hour to a day.
That is a very acceptable risk.
A very, very, very small percentage of people will get an allergic reaction.
Namely, there's a component of the vaccine that they didn't realize that they were allergic to.
And then there's a subset of a very, very, very, very small percentage of those who actually can get a serious reaction.
But if you look at that, the risk of that is so minusculely small as to be completely outweighed by the benefit.
The CDC's website tries to convey all these risks accurately, even when scientists are not sure the vaccines are in fact responsible.
Here's what it says about the measles vaccine.
Severe problems?
Very rare.
Several other severe problems have been known to occur after a child gets MMR vaccine.
But this happens so rarely, experts cannot be sure whether they are caused by the vaccine or not.
These include deafness, long-term seizures, coma, or lowered consciousness.
Permanent brain damage.
When the CDC communicates risks, they fall into two groups.
One is, are those risks that are very rare, but in fact are real.
Sometimes very rarely can cause a rash later on.
And the other are those risks that have been reported following a vaccine, but for which we have no evidence that the vaccine actually caused the problem.
Those, I would argue, are at best theoretical.
My son was a bright, precocious, healthy two-and-a-half-year-old child in 1980.
when I took him in for his fourth DPT shot.
Barbara Lowe Fisher runs an independent watchdog organization dedicated to vaccine safety issues.
It's an organization she helped found in 1982 after her son suffered a serious vaccine side effect.
To make a long story short,
After that, he regressed physically, mentally, and emotionally and became a totally different child.
He was eventually diagnosed with multiple learning disabilities and attention deficit disorder and had to remain in a classroom for the learning disabled throughout his public school.
Fisher's organization lobbied successfully for laws that promote vaccine safety.
Today, a much safer vaccine has replaced DPT.
The laws also created a special vaccine court to evaluate and compensate victims of adverse vaccine side effects.
Vaccines are pharmaceutical products that inherently carry a risk of injury or death.
And that risk can be greater for some than others.
particularly for genetic or biological high-risk reasons that have, some of which haven't been identified, and some of which have not been identified.
Shame on you!
Surveys show about one-third of Americans worry about rare but serious vaccine side effects.
But one fear has come to dominate the vaccine war, the fear that vaccines are responsible for autism, a mysterious disorder that appears to be on the rise.
has become well-known, partly due to the advocacy... Did Barbara Lowe Fisher say that her son had autism?
I don't think she did.
I don't think she said that he had autism, which is interesting to hear, if you just listen carefully.
...of vocal celebrities like Jenny McCarthy and Jim Carrey.
You're a shining example of unconditioned love, and we're so proud to be here.
Today, I am not the celebrity.
Today, I am a mom of a child who had autism.
Former Playboy playmate Jenny McCarthy didn't know about autism until her son Evan received a series of vaccines, including the shot for mumps, measles, and rubella, the MMR triple shot.
A few weeks later, Evan developed seizures and was diagnosed with autism.
So I left that office devastated, hopeless.
The next day, or maybe it was even that night, went on Google and typed in autism.
She found the site for Generation Rescue.
So I clicked on Generation Rescue and I found this community of parents.
Preventable and reversible.
Nice.
He's got a good book.
There were literally tens of thousands of parental reports of children regressing and changing after vaccine appointments.
My child was fine before the vaccine.
2018 book.
He completely changed.
After the MMR, he wouldn't look at us.
Cole just stopped speaking.
He got the shot.
We started losing him.
I think it's chapter four that's probably the best chapter in this book.
The vaccine most often blamed in these stories was the MMR triple shot for measles, mumps and rubella.
Then she would get her second MMR.
Few people without kids today realize that when a child goes in for a doctor's appointment and they're required to go in at two months, four months, six months, and 12 months to get their initial vaccines, there are literally somewhere between five and seven vaccines lined up on the table that are all given simultaneously within about 12 minutes.
Your daughter will be protected against five things, diphtheria, tetanus, whooping cough, polio, and hip.
Well, tens of thousands of parents have reported that their kid was never the same after those appointments.
The second data point is the knowledge that vaccines cause brain injury in a small segment of the population.
We know that.
The federal government knows it.
They pay money to kids who've been injured that way.
This is something that's been known for years.
And then we also know that the number of vaccines given has risen dramatically.
So it does not take a rocket scientist to draw a possible correlation between the vaccines being given and the brain injury that our children are suffering, because autism is brain injury.
Combining his resources and her celebrity, Handley and McCarthy have been highly effective at organizing a movement of concerned parents.
Hi, I'm Jenny McCarthy.
I am here today to beg you guys
The science that gave the movement its original impetus was a 1998 article by British gastroenterologist Andrew Wakefield in the medical journal The Lancet.
He reported on 12 children with gastrointestinal problems, eight of whom developed symptoms of autism following an MMR shot.
One of them is the daughter of Paula, the son of Paula Aitken, and she claims that her son doesn't even fit the profile that they claim he fit.
and that she was able to help him a lot by changing his diet and they came and talked to her about it and stole all those ideas and has her all about it and never reported it at all.
These people are awful.
And she's been scared for a lot of her life because of what she went through already before this shit ever started in America.
I'm still in contact with Ms.
Aitken.
She also knows that that Brian Deer guy is fake and that Shatford is fake.
All the people around this guy are controlled.
you know, opposition of one another.
It's gross.
And what they did during the pandemic is just, you know, magnified because of the ability they have from all the social media platforms.
That's it.
Wakefield's theory was that the measles vaccine inflamed the intestines, causing harmful proteins to leak into the bloodstream, eventually damaging the brain and causing autism.
Measles, mumps and rubella given together
may be too much for the immune system of some children to handle.
Clearly, for the vast majority, it is protective.
And we must emphasize that it is just a small cohort of children, we don't know how large, but who appear to have developed this syndrome.
News of Wakefield's provocative Lancet article spread across the world, creating fear that measles shots might cause autism.
There was a dramatic decline in the coverage of young children with measles vaccines.
Autism expert Eric Fambon was working in London at the time.
There were areas, like in urban areas, where it was even lower than 80 percent.
And in Ireland in particular, vaccine coverage fell to close to 70 percent, and there was a big outbreak of measles occurring as a result of that fear.
One hundred and ten infants were admitted in hospitals in critical conditions.
and I think three of them died from measles, and measles is a preventable disease.
— Parents reasonably thought, my child was fine, they got an MMR vaccine, then they developed the first symptoms of autism.
Could it have been the MMR vaccine that caused that autism?
That's a perfectly reasonable question.
— The fact that two events happen close together might mean that they are causally related.
But it could also be simple coincidence.
This vaccination is given at an age where often the first symptoms of autism emerge.
And typically, it occurs around 15 or 18 months of age when these children start to walk.
And also, when we expect them to develop language, they usually fail to do.
There are certain set of diseases that become apparent when children reach a certain age.
That's not cause and effect.
Just because one event followed another, it doesn't mean it was caused by the other.
I mean, every morning the rooster crows, the sun comes up.
It doesn't mean the rooster's causing the sun to come up.
The question is, was it caused by it?
The funny thing about that is, is that unlike the rooster crowing every day and the sun coming up every day, you don't get vaccines every day.
You don't go to the doctor every day.
So if you go to the doctor and you come back and your kid stops talking or starts shitting his pants and banging his head, doesn't make eye contact anymore, and you hadn't been to the doctor in a year, that might be a sign.
It's just still quite rare.
That's the reality of this.
And that's how they steered us into this shit show where vaccines cause neurological injury that is not autism.
Autism is this other stuff, all these other childhood shortcomings that they put into a big, you know, bubble that can also be adult autism.
And even a guy who has a news program can be autistic.
Autism is the canary in the coal mine.
I believe that it's telling people that this vaccine program is imbalanced.
It's a good thing that's gone too far.
Isn't the problem here, Jenny, that people sometimes casual or listen with one ear are going to panic and not vaccine at all?
Probably, but guess what?
It's not my fault.
The reason why they're not vaccinating is because the vaccines are not safe.
What we are saying is that the number of vaccines given and the ingredients, like the freaking mercury, the ether, the aluminum... Vaccine critics question not only MMR, but the many ingredients in vaccines.
These included aluminum, formaldehyde, formalin, yeast protein, and a mercury-based preservative called thimerosal, used in multidose vaccines.
One very influential critic is environmental lawyer Robert Kennedy Jr.,
So it's the combination of substances that's dumb.
Anything that's considered a preservative or an excipient or anything like that or in trace amounts doesn't matter.
And so this is the part that is especially diabolical from an intramuscular injection perspective.
because it bypasses all the barriers, all of the filtration, all of the possibility of the body avoiding the most toxic exposure and instead puts it in the place where it's most likely to cross the blood-brain barrier and leak in slowly at that.
are acknowledging that even tiny, infinitesimal amounts of mercury, parts per billion, will cause profound neurological injury in children.
The biggest exposure is coming from our own vaccines.
When I was a little boy, we only got three vaccines.
But my children, five of my six children, got 22 vaccines.
Beginning in 1989, that's the thimerosal generation.
That's the vaccine generation.
So the myc, the thimerosal generation, but the thimerosal was already almost out of the vex.
I mean, it's so, oh my gosh, really?
The mercury hypothesis had more plausibility than that for MMR because of the nature of mercury, which is known to be a neurotoxicant.
But mercury poisoning does not resemble autism at all.
The fact that mercury is a toxicant is not sufficient to claim that the mercury contained in vaccines can lead to autism.
So it was critical, therefore, to follow up this hypothesis with properly conducted epidemiological studies.
Oh!
Remember that in 2025, on stage, Pierre-Corey also started with thimerosal.
Even though it's not in anything anymore.
Because it's a script.
It's a really malevolent, terrible script.
where any skepticism about intramuscular injection is neutralized because nobody says that.
Any skepticism of transfection is neutralized because nobody says that.
Any skepticism of augmenting the immune system with a combination of substances is neutralized because nobody questions it.
The use of the word autism to describe neurological injury after intramuscular injection is never questioned.
Because nobody says it, that autism is just a myth.
Under pressure, public health agencies decided to act on the side of caution, rather than wait for the results of such epidemiological studies.
In 1999, the FDA asked manufacturers to reduce or eliminate thimerosal in vaccines as soon as possible.
Unfortunately, I think it precipitated the notion that thimerosal was doing harm.
And from a parent's standpoint, that, again, was very understandable.
Why would you take something out of vaccines in such a precipitous and frightening manner unless there was a problem?
When I began my crusade for autism, one of the first speeches I gave was, is it mercury?
Is it the schedule?
Green the vaccines.
My answer to people and what I've been telling them is it's all of the above.
We don't know for sure, which is why we keep saying study it.
But they won't.
In fact, around the world, scientists had been studying groups of children, searching for a possible link between vaccines and autism, using the same epidemiological methods that linked smoking to lung cancer.
One country renowned for its epidemiology is Denmark.
Unlike the U.S., Danish authorities collect demographic and health data routinely on the entire population in a series of national registers.
They know when every child was born, when every child was vaccinated, and when every case of autism was diagnosed.
It's sort of a paradise for epidemiologists because we don't have to work to collect this data.
It is available to us.
Anders Havid and colleagues at the Statens Serum Institute analyze data on all the Danish children born between 1991 and 1998, over half a million.
They compared two groups, those who had received the MMR triple shot and those who hadn't.
Then they counted the cases of autism in each group and calculated the autism rate.
They found no difference.
Children who didn't get the shot had the same risk of developing autism as those who did.
The team published the findings in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Other studies carried out by researchers in Sweden, Finland, Britain, and the U.S.
also found no association between MMR and autism.
Additional evidence came from Japan.
The Japanese changed their vaccine schedule in 1993, replacing the MMR triple shot with three separate vaccinations.
Of course, that's now assuming that the vaccination will have an acute effect, right?
So that's the other problem.
The story that CHD tells and that Pauly Tommy tells and that Lady Lowell Fisher tells is that their sons changed.
Brian says his son changed after the vaccination.
So what happens if the vaccinations are injected and the change occurs over three or four weeks?
Now for sure the vaccine didn't cause it.
That's the issue here.
That's the whole problem with this, is that the rigor that they apply to this question is purposefully dumb.
And the script that they've given us is purposefully dumb.
All the actors in front of us that claim to have a kid that has autism have the very specific story, usually with MMR, but sometimes DTP, that their sons transformed.
They changed very fast after the shot.
But if a change that occurs very rapidly after the shot is very rare,
like exceedingly rare, then none of those studies will ever find it, and they will prove once and for all that autism, that is supposed to occur after vaccines, doesn't really happen.
Even if Mary Holland isn't lying.
Even if Pauly Tommy isn't lying.
Even if Brian Hooker isn't lying.
They might be the only three people they could find with a... But it's not true.
It's just not true.
There are very rare examples all across a country of 350 million people that is giving this many intramuscular injections.
There are going to be all kinds of examples all around the country of people that are damaged in a endless variety of ways by intramuscular injection of a combination of substances.
The younger they are, the worse it will be.
The younger they are, the more potential for extreme damage.
and the requirement that the damage has to phenotypically show up in the parent's mind within a couple days in order for it to be the vaccines is already incredibly disingenuous because the only toxic exposure that these kids are having that bypasses all of the epithelium is that injection.
Everything they eat everything that they get on their clothes or on their skin is not bypassing the immune system Anything that they eat can't even bypass the liver and So we are talking about acute toxic exposures with a access to the most interior well-guarded parts of our body
And we're not really differentiating that from other exposures.
And even these people in this video are unable to differentiate between intramuscular injection and subcutaneous injection and oral administration of medicines.
They're not there yet, or they don't get there, or they're scripted.
It's really bizarre.
But following the change, autism rates did not fall.
In fact, they appeared to rise, thus making the triple shot an unlikely cause of autism.
The Danish team now went on to investigate the second theory, the mercury-preservative thimerosal.
It turned out that in Denmark, there was a simple way to test this as well.
In Denmark, since the 70s, only one vaccine has contained thimerosal, and that was a pertussis vaccine.
It contained thimerosal until May, June 92.
Then the same vaccine continued, but without thimerosal.
Havid and colleagues found that children who were given pertussis vaccines with thimerosal before 1992 had identical autism rates as children who received mercury-free vaccines after that date.
we did not find any association between being vaccinated with the thimerosal containing vaccine and, and, and the risk of autism.
So the funny thing is, is that exact same slam dunk was repeated on stage by professor Dave and Dan Wilson and Steve Kirsch and Pierre Corey, and they all acted it out.
Like they were surprised when Professor Dave said, so when they took the thimerosal out, did the vaccines, did the autism go down?
No, it didn't.
So then what?
It's exactly a, exactly a script.
Other studies in the US, the UK and Canada also found no association between autism and thimerosal.
In 2004, the Institute of Medicine carried out its own analysis of the research and concluded, The body of epidemiological evidence favors rejection of a causal relationship between the MMR vaccine and autism and also between thimerosal-containing vaccines and autism.
The allegations against me are both unfounded and unjustified.
Then something extraordinary happened.
On February 2, 2010, The Lancet retracted Wakefield's landmark 1998 paper, saying it was scientifically flawed.
Scientists around the world had not been able to replicate Wakefield's findings, and it turned out that some of the kids in his small study had been referred by a lawyer who was suing pharmaceutical manufacturers on the children's behalf.
But in the wake of the retraction, organizations like Generation Rescue came out in strong support of Wakefield, continuing to believe in his science.
Soon after, parents of autistic children who brought class-action lawsuits based on the MMR and thimerosal theories had their hopes dashed by the federal vaccine court.
And good evening to you.
We begin tonight with a ruling that affects millions of parents with children who have autism.
Families who went to a federal court over these vaccines were told their case was without scientific or legal merit.
The vaccine court that Barbara Lowe Fisher's organization had helped set up issued a strongly worded ruling on March 12, 2010, denying a link between autism and vaccines.
Scientifically, I think the matter is settled, but I don't think that
I think there are a lot of people who don't listen to science and don't understand it, so they're going to be difficult to sway with the scientific arguments.
Don't give a f*** about what the MMR said.
My kid got six vaccines in one day and he regressed.
You don't have any science that can show me that the regression wasn't triggered by the six vaccines.
What the parents are saying is, I went in for a vaccine appointment.
My kid got six vaccines.
There's a lot of parents that say it's a combination of vaccines.
And I think that that's maybe the very rare event.
You know, the very rare exposure, the very rare overload that happens.
And I'm not denying any of these individual cases.
What I'm denying is the absolute ridiculousness or the reality that we have.
That guy's not on stage right now.
This guy's not at CHD.
This guy's not the one that's talking to us right now, right?
You understand that.
He's got a good book, but nobody's selling it.
He didn't get on Joe Rogan.
Suzanne fricking Humphreys got on Joe Rogan and talked about fricking cinnamon.
Two and a half hours she was on that show and couldn't say what he just said.
And they regressed.
We need to ask the question as to why the regression took place, not whether the regression took place, why the regression took place.
The only way to do that is to look at that load of vaccines and compare a group of kids or a group of animals who got the load and who didn't.
If you're going to do epidemiology, let's ask the right question.
Let's not confine it to MMR, and let's not confine it to one component in a vaccine, mercury.
You have to do bench science.
You have to look at
the human body and what occurs in terms of changes in immune function, brain function.
You can't just do epidemiology where you're comparing groups of children against each other.
It's funny how she's not in front of us really either.
She was at the Senate hearing of
Senator Ron Johnson, like the fourth one he held, but she was surrounded by all these jackasses from Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone to Brett Weinstein and Brian Hooker and Del Bigtree and Jessica Rose.
I mean, it was a shit show.
So maybe this lady isn't so bad.
You know, maybe that lady and, and, and Mr. Handley aren't so bad, but they're not in front of us.
And Robert Malone, I mean, neither of those two got on the ACIP.
Robert Malone got on the ACIP.
You see the problem here?
Vaccine critics say many more studies are needed before scientists can rule out side effects like autism.
Studies of the other vaccines, studies of multiple additives, and studies to see if certain children are genetically predisposed to a vaccine reaction.
The hypotheses continue to shift.
The first hypothesis, which, you know, people bought into long and hard,
is that the combination measles, mumps, rubella, or MMR vaccine caused autism.
12 epidemiological studies showed that that wasn't true.
Then the hypothesis shifted to thimerosal, an ethylmercury-containing preservative that was in vaccines, that's no longer written in vaccines, but except for some multi-dose preparations of flu vaccine, that that caused autism.
And that clearly has been shown not to be true.
So now, and this is classic for pseudoscience, is you just keep moving the goalposts.
So now the goalpost is, no, we didn't mean actually MMR caused autism or thimerosal caused autism, we just meant vaccines in general caused autism.
In the vaccine war, two kinds of knowledge compete for the public attention, the collective but dry conclusions of the scientific community and the personal anecdotes of parents.
Something happened.
And when I say something, I mean a behavior, a trigger, something different happened to our children, which then led to autism.
Do I know that exact link?
No.
I don't have that proof, but I've got evidence in Evan.
Just one leaf?
Yeah.
And I've got evidence in thousands and hundreds of thousands of parents all over the world.
And these are the mommy warriors that will make change because we have to.
It's a tragedy that there are kids who are unprotected because their parents are choosing not to vaccinate out of fears that are unfounded.
The other tragedy is that the kids who have autism, who desperately need better research into why and, more important, what to do about it now, that research isn't being done, at least to the degree that it should have been, because most of the would-be research, those dollars and hours have been lost.
CDC is involved in a five-year study called SEED, the Study to Explore Early Development, to help identify what might put children at risk for autism spectrum disorders and other developmental disabilities.
But it's not clear that such scientific studies will settle the vaccine war.
To the contrary, public skepticism of scientific authority seems to be growing, fueled in part by a new battleground where ideas fight for public attention, the Internet.
Thank you for calling CDC Info.
It's not just about the science.
We wish it were.
Unfortunately, the issue persists.
And one of the challenges is that once something gets up on the internet, it's there.
There are new cohorts of parents every day going to the internet, reading about that for the first time.
The web really has served to keep these controversies alive that really should be
non-controversies.
There's absolutely no control over what appears on the internet and you can post anything you like, true or not.
Those original myths are still there and they're hard to counteract.
Conspiracy theories tend to be popular and it's hard to undo that kind of damage.
I spoke recently at a high school near here.
There were about 200 people in the audience.
And I asked them how many had gotten the influenza vaccine.
And about half raised their hands.
Of the half that didn't raise their hands, they said they didn't get it because on YouTube, they saw a Redskins cheerleader say that she had gotten the vaccine and had a so-called dystonic reaction.
She's the beautiful cheerleader whose heartbreaking story is shocking the nation.
This clip of Redskins cheerleader Desiree Jennings went viral on the web after a local Fox News station broke the story.
She reported a bizarre neurological reaction to a flu vaccine that caused her to be able only to walk backwards.
It's a bizarre reaction.
Bizarre means odd and rare, right?
I mean, a bizarre reaction.
Huh.
Odd and rare reaction.
Is it real or not real?
Her story's been viewed and shared almost two and a half million times.
Desiree can run just fine.
It's only when she stops.
You see, that's where the spasms start.
Now, you can walk backwards, though.
The students who sat in that room were much more likely to believe something they had seen on YouTube from a Washington Redskins cheerleader than they would have believed something that they would have heard from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Wow, he's calling her a liar.
Yeah, because that's a little frightening.
Dang, he's calling her a liar.
After dinner courses for Desiree on YouTube,
Generation Rescue became involved in her treatment, connecting her with a controversial osteopath, Dr. Rashid Buttar in North Carolina.
Holy shit!
She flew out to see this doctor.
He chelated her and did hyperbaric chamber treatments and many other type of biomedical therapies that we do with our kids.
And she got better quick.
After a few days of treating her, she was down to about seven seizures a day and speaking and walking.
Look at Desiree now.
Upon finding her cured of a supposedly incurable condition, the media now presented her story as a hoax.
By now it had emerged that her admitting neurologist suspected Desiree's condition was psychogenic.
Or it went away.
inactive, misleading, and destructive information can get widely spread.
So it is tough in the age of the internet.
I think the internet has been fuel on the fire of anti-vaccine fears.
I think that guy might be Robert Malone's ethical advisor.
There's plenty of websites out there putting out information about people alleging all kinds of complications and problems with vaccines, their own pet theories about what might be dangerous about vaccines.
So there are oodles of sources of lousy, dangerous information out there.
But advocates like Barbara Lowe Fishers see the Internet as a democratizing force that has empowered people to challenge medical dogma.
When I first started this work in the early 80s, I had
a selector typewriter, and I had the post office.
That's it.
Today, you have access to the library of medicine on the Internet.
You can communicate with people all over the world.
So it has changed everything.
In this new world, many parents are no longer willing to take the word of their doctor on faith or to accept the conclusions of the medical establishment.
Barbara is still around.
She still runs that organization.
They just don't use her for anything.
She's just over there, you know, running in a wheel.
While these people like Robert F. Kennedy Jr., you know, shake Albert Bourla's hand and perform the roles that they're supposed to perform.
That's it.
I assume at this stage that Barbara's pretty pissed.
I don't know, maybe.
Frustrating public officials charged with protecting the health of the community.
I am a mother of a two-and-a-half-year-old and haven't done any vaccines at all, and I feel very safe and very comfortable with my decisions.
I'm a midwife, and I'm also the co-leader of the Rogue Valley Holistic Moms Network, which is a national... Ashland's public health officer, Dr. Jim Shames, meets periodically with parents to talk about their responsibilities for the public health.
Do you feel that when you say, no, thank you, that you might be putting anybody else at risk besides your child?
This is the major thing that we're always up against.
Public health officials are looking at the good for all.
Mothers are looking at the good for their one child.
And that's very important for them.
It's the most important thing.
It's their world.
When you make that decision for your child, which you have a right to do, do you think you may be affecting other children?
Do I believe... How can they... They should have a biologically plausible explanation for how.
If the vaccinated kids are fine, and they don't carry the deadly pathogen, then again, who's carrying it?
That kid?
And they don't carry it if they don't have it, right?
So then how are they putting anybody in danger until they have measles?
So then they have to have measles and go out and then endanger people who are not vaccinated.
I still don't understand how this argument is being made successfully for so fricking long, because it's so stupid.
Even a recording of Anne Rand.
can clearly hear her explaining why vaccines can never be mandatory if they work the way they say they work.
Because it just doesn't make any sense.
Because the only person you're putting in danger by not taking a vaccine that works is yourself.
Anne Rand said that.
Like, this is just absurdity.
And these
These people, a decade ago, are trying to get somewhere, are trying to get to a destination where they can actually say something as clever as intramuscular injection of a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is a really dumb idea that stems all the way back from the late 1800s.
But they haven't gotten there yet in 2015.
And by design, they never get there.
Because people like Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
sell all those people out if they don't kill them first.
Like they did Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark.
Tony Bark said that she saw kids get hurt from vaccines and asked the question in her pediatrics department why people didn't talk about it.
She had to be killed.
that I'm causing harm by not vaccinating my child.
No, I don't.
Because if the vaccines work, who am I putting at risk?
So let's talk about that.
Now, not everybody can get immunized.
That child right there is probably too young to get immunized against pertussis.
If your child gets pertussis by not getting the vaccine, and your child passes it on to a
delicate newborn.
I really don't believe it.
I feel like I, um, first of all, I feel like it would be responsible to then quarantine my child and not expose them to other, you know, potentially, um, fragile populations.
A lot of diseases are transmitted before you even know you're sick.
It's my responsibility as a parent.
A lot of things are transmitted before you even know you're sick.
Wow, it sounds like he knows all of his pandemic biology already.
To keep my child safe, I think.
And I don't think it's your responsibility to take a vaccine because I might be at the same party with you and you might cough on her.
Honestly, I think your job is to protect your own health.
And I mean, maybe I sound, I really don't mean to be sounding selfish in that way.
There has to be some step beyond just I take responsibility for me and my kids because there's things that happen in the best of intentions that diseases do get transmitted.
For these Ashland mothers, health is a private affair, not a public responsibility.
For them, refusing a vaccine is no more significant than refusing any medication for your child.
But scientists say vaccines are special.
Vaccines have an odd power that drugs don't have.
If I take a drug, it doesn't help you.
But if I get vaccinated and some others get vaccinated, then you may be benefited by so-called herd immunity.
Oh, wow.
Herd immunity.
You know, that stuff that Del Bigtree talked about in 2017, right?
They all talk about it because herd immunity is a real thing.
In other words, if a certain percentage of the population is vaccinated, that will stop infections from spreading, because most of the people around that child are vaccinated.
So, therefore, the virus can't really spread.
However, when a critical number of people aren't vaccinated, when there's a critical drop in herd immunity, then the viruses can spread.
And not only are those children who aren't vaccinated at risk, but those who can't be vaccinated are at risk.
When enough people don't vaccinate, herd immunity begins to crumble.
I'm still trying to decide who can't be vaccinated.
Who are those people?
People with AIDS?
Who are those hypothetical children that can't be vaccinated but are out in public all the time, taking the risk because, you know, they assume that everybody else is vaccinated?
I mean, it's just a weird, it's bullshit.
Like, seriously, it's bullshit.
The first to suffer are vulnerable populations, those who, because of age or illness, can't be vaccinated.
When Vanessa was six weeks old, too young for most vaccines, her only protection was from the herd.
Then she came down with a severe cough.
She turned totally blue.
She stopped breathing, and we didn't know what to do to have her breathing back again.
I took her outside, you know, bring her back.
She wasn't responding.
An ambulance brought her to the pediatric ICU in her hometown of Portland, Oregon.
Fortunately, the intensivist on call that night was Dr. Cynthia Christophany.
This was Vanessa.
Oh, the one that she showed in the freaking... I look at the video and keep saying, Vanessa, take a breath, please.
Because we knew that a child of that age, with an already narrow airway... I mean, they're using this lady for everything in this show.
Holy cow.
Baseline, who's not inhaling well, could easily lose consciousness from lack of oxygen and perhaps die.
And they're giving her no oxygen?
Dr. Christophany opened the infant's airways and sucked copious secretions from her mouth.
Vanessa had pertussis, whooping cough.
Her status was so dire, a chaplain was brought into the ER.
Vanessa was 40 days old when she was diagnosed with whooping cough.
So we were probably a week away from having her vaccine for whooping cough.
So the only thing that will protect a kid like that will be the herd immunity.
And in that case, it felt, I mean, somebody in the community.
I mean, they script the guy, you know, they script him to say it.
It's just so stupid.
He didn't vaccinate or got Vanessa infected.
Maybe they helped him with his citizenship afterwards.
After an exhaustive investigation, CDC traced Vanessa's pertussis to an infected student at her brother's high school.
The CDC traced the infection back to a person at the high school.
Holy- Stop lying!
Stop lying!
Oh my gosh, you gotta be shitting me.
From the very young to the very old, scientists say herd immunity matters.
The more immunity we have in a community,
the better it is.
50% is better than nothing.
And 100%, it's like building a brick wall around a city and protecting it against an enemy.
It's excellent protection against something entering our community that could cause illness.
Very strong herd immunity could completely eradicate many vaccine preventable diseases, rendering vaccines unnecessary.
This happened with smallpox in the 1970s.
A decade ago.
That's interesting.
I didn't know that we were going to progress to the point where we would eliminate a disease and not need the vaccine anymore.
That's what happened with smallpox.
Curious.
smallpox is super contagious smallpox is super dangerous but we vaccinated everybody and it went away wow what a neat story i wonder when the next one of these 16 vaccine preventable diseases is just gonna go away because we got herd immunity so herded that it like herded it away it's gone
The World Health Organization had plans to eradicate polio, followed by measles.
But vaccine scares around the world serve to chip away at herd immunity, pushing these goals into the future.
Many of these germs belong to us only, which means if we could make enough humans immune simultaneously, we could eradicate them.
And then, yes, we could stop vaccinating.
There was actually a campaign hoping to eradicate polio from planet Earth, as we did smallpox.
And notice we're not vaccinating anyone for smallpox anymore because it's gone.
But at the moment, at least, while they're in the world, there's still the potential for outbreaks if people are willing to stop vaccinating prematurely.
Why is it so hard for some Americans to embrace this communal aspect of vaccines?
Frontline turned to political scientist Hank Jenkins Smith, who surveyed a representative sample of Americans on their views about vaccines.
Are you required, do you feel like society requires you to vaccinate your children?
It never felt like a choice to me.
I mean, from the moment I had him in the hospital, it was never, would you like us to give your baby these shots?
So the two vaccines that kind of seem to work, the measles vaccine and the smallpox vaccine are both applied in your skin.
Smallpox vaccine was scratched into your skin.
So the only story they have of completely eradicating something is a application to the epithelium.
The only other one that seems to work is supposed to be subcutaneous.
The measles vaccine is supposed to be a subcutaneous injection, essentially a skin injection.
It's interesting, right?
Why did they choose that with Andrew Wakefield?
Why did they choose that with Pauly Tommy?
Why did they choose that with
Why do they always mention that one?
Mary Holland mentioned specifically MMR.
Do you know why?
Because that's why.
To confuse and permanently disable any real argument that couldn't get at the heart of the matter, which is that intramuscular injection of a combination of substances is the stupidest form of medicine ever conceived by mankind.
And just because you call it a vaccine, don't make it smarter.
But vaccine makes it more confusing because there are oral vaccines that probably work.
There are oral vaccines that probably aren't dangerous.
There are oral vaccines like rotavirus might even help people.
I know damn well for sure that an oral rotavirus vaccine will not be as dangerous as an intramuscular injection of anything.
It won't be.
Just like I know that intramuscular injection of a combination of substances derived from a Big Mac at McDonald's is a terrible freaking idea.
But eating a Big Mac at McDonald's might just be kind of a, you know, not so great idea.
Do you see the difference?
How spectacularly different it is?
And then he makes the difference.
The other guy made the differentiation.
Well, when you take a pharmaceutical drug, you're not helping anybody but yourself.
But when you take a vaccine, it's just so stupid.
You know, it was like, we're doing this now.
So I never felt like it was ever an option to not.
There's that kind of odd pressure to vaccinate.
And certainly I get a lot of expectation from relatives and, and,
I think we might go to the same pediatrician.
So if you pose a question to people about whether the acquisition of vaccines is a societal responsibility or a parental choice, they lean very hard in the direction of having it be a parental choice.
And should the government be able to tell you that you have to vaccinate your child?
I should do it for public health, but I don't think the government should require me to do that.
I think I should have a choice.
It's a decision that each family should make.
I think it should be left up to them.
When you make something compulsory, when the state can require a parent to have their children take a risk,
So in 2015, they were already framing it about the mandate being the problem.
It should be a choice.
A big top tent of health freedom was already being seeded as the solution or narrative in 2015.
So it's not very surprising that we're having CHD and ICANN doing that exact same job right now under the false pretenses of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
being the Health and Human Services Secretary instead of just a scripted fraud.
you introduce a whole new aspect to the problem.
I mean, you think of the front lines in this battle.
It's pediatricians and family doctors, and it's schools who will require that children have their vaccines up to date, and that these institutions that we have in place put a price on not getting vaccines.
Hi, Jessie.
How are you, girl?
It feels a little bit lonely because sometimes it just feels like it's me as the pediatrician against the media, the world.
I think it's the most difficult when I have a family come in who's already, because of the internet, because of... Then she should take the responsibility to learn it better.
Because right now we're at a stage where no doctor on earth that I know of could argue with me about this effectively.
No doctor that wants vaccines.
I mean, there are probably lots of people who know more about things than I do, obviously.
If you're talking about like a family practice, general practice doctor in the greater Pittsburgh area that is advocating for vaccines or a nurse that would advocate for vaccines in the kids staying up to date on the schedule and it would load that tray of needles and bring it into the room or bring in another nurse for the other arm, those people,
don't know enough about biology to talk about a lot of things to do with health.
But with regard to vaccines and the immune system, they would be out of their league in less than 30 seconds with me.
I know because I wrote a review on immunology and intramuscular injection for my doctor that he read in 2021.
And then we basically didn't talk to him for a long time.
We just went back to him and it was crazy.
I told the story like three weeks ago, the guy's completely lost.
And in all this time, during all the pandemic, none of them have learned anything new.
It is fricking remarkable.
the news broadcast because of something they've seen on YouTube.
They already are coming in with their set ideas, and it's really hard sometimes to break through that.
Pediatricians need to listen.
They don't need to say, do it my way or take a walk.
They need to say, how can I accommodate you so that we can both get our needs met in this situation?
Have you talked to your pediatrician?
The days of paternalism in medical policy are over.
People are taking control of their own health.
They want to be more in charge of the way that they live and not simply rely on a doctor.
Physicians are going to have to get over the idea that they tell people what to do, and people are going to do it without questioning.
Parents don't have unlimited rights with respect to the welfare of their children.
You can't put them at risk of fatal disease.
You can't put them at risk of devastating disability.
You know, the ethics isn't just on the side of the critics.
The ethics is also on the side of those who say, do good in the name of children, do good in the name of public health.
Scary talk.
There's a lot at stake in the vaccine war.
On the one hand, the fear that American communities will be exposed to serious diseases.
On the other, something equally compelling.
Every parent's wish to do what's best for her child.
Interesting times, ladies and gentlemen.
Interesting times.
I don't know what to say.
There's much more on our website.
Take our survey about whether this program changed your attitude toward vaccines and join the discussion.
Just a tiny little stick.
And watch the program again online.
Conspiracy theories tend to be popular.
Read extended... Conspiracy theories tend to be popular is a thing that stupid people say, that scripted people say, because conspiracy theories
is just a way of throwing a great big net over a lot of ideas and say they're all dumb because they're not the ones that everybody accepts.
So I would love for that woman to explain to me how autism spectrum disorder is actually real.
even though you can't be really specific about it.
You can't be really specific about its causes.
You can't be really specific about its mechanisms.
You can't be really specific about its symptoms.
You can't be really specific about how its onsets.
You can't be really specific about whether it's curable or not.
You can't be really specific about who really has it and who doesn't.
You can't be really specific about who genes cause it and don't cause it.
You can't be really specific about what environmental things can trigger it.
But Autism Spectrum Disorder's definitely something.
You're gosh darn right it's something.
It's a frickin' stupid story that people tell so that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a dumb methodology from the 1800s, so that virology is never questioned as a science, period, and so that public health is just accepted whatever Paul Offit and the rest of them say it is.
And pandemics and gain-of-function mythology have been used in exactly the same way.
Like an intellectual baseball bat.
and teaching our kids this bad biology 101 and the central dogma and therefore evolution needs to end right now.
And there is an easy way to do it.
I'm going to teach it class by class until we have a curriculum for high school teachers that takes into account the idea of the central dogma.
but then doesn't trap us behind it, but instead uses it as a crowbar to break open and break out of this mess.
None of these fools are gonna touch that stuff, so I don't even need to read it.
These people are all frauds, they're all on a script, and they have been scripted for at least a decade, because this has been known to be coming for at least three decades.
They took a background and they misconstrued it with a bunch of actors that were put in place in anticipation of a rise in the non-tax paying Medicare, Medicaid population.
The ones with permanent disabilities that the government has to pay for for the rest of their lives, conveniently got COVID via supplementary oxygen and Bob's your uncle.
We got the problem fixed.
It's a rise in all cause mortality that they anticipated.
And you can see it hit the top of the pyramid.
You can actually see it hitting the top of the pyramid in this video.
So they sculpted that rise using murder and lies.
And the only people that have ever tried to put together a list of those murder and lies is me and Mark.
It starts with supplementary oxygen.
We learned that thanks to Scott Shara, who's now a totally scripted fraud, who came to my first annual live gigaohm thing and ruined it with a Satan video.
and has never promoted my work since because he is a scripted fraud.
And it's terrible to have to say those things, but it's true.
And anybody that rises into clear view is thereby designed.
The two party theater is false and it is run by the national security state.
You got to start getting your head around the idea that the Republicans and the Democrats aren't cooperating.
They're acting.
And the national security state is directing them with this script and podcast actors are now being militarized against us.
And they know it.
These scripted actors in government, they know it.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
knows it.
That's why he's sticking to the script, giving hugs to Albert Bourla, even though apparently he was a murderer a couple of years ago on X, according to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And these people are producing the theater that makes us think that real effective arguments are happening about all these things when they're not.
Our country is being dismantled, destroyed, undermined, and economically destroyed by these people and their handlers.
We've only got about a decade to pull our heads out.
Take control of our country again by electing people like me or Mark or anybody that you trust that's not a part of this shit show.
But it's gonna take a lot more than tweeting and Facebooking and streaming.
It's gonna take teaching kids and motivating college kids to run for office that actually understand the breadth and the depth of this show.
It's not gonna be easy to bring them up to speed when they are on a two or three hour time horizon with social media.
It's not gonna be easy to bring them up to speed when they think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Donald Trump are actually independent operators and not just scripted actors.
We've got to be able to explain to them why endemicity is a myth, both as a process and an endpoint, and racism and COVID are both not endemic.
We got to explain to them how a background could be misconstrued as spread just with stupid lies about a methodology that anybody in academia should be able to explain why the PCR test for COVID was bullshit, but they can't because they won't do the requisite reading because they stay in their lane.
But they threw me out, so I didn't stay in my lane, and now I can show you and your children how to get off of social media and why.
So download PeerTube, join the fun.
It's definitely a lie.
They've definitely hidden it behind this stuff for a real long time.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore, because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
Actually, JJ could be insistent, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
We gotta break the wheel, ladies and gentlemen.
This wheel must be broken.
We gotta break this bullshit hamster wheel that they have us running in.
And we break it with the truth.
This truth right here.
Get some, ladies and gentlemen.
Spread it around.
Love your neighbor.
See you tomorrow.
It's Rocktober, baby.